Add log forwarding including new BC capability (#629)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/logging/log-forwarding.adoc

[[aura-query-logs]]
= Security log forwarding

label:AuraDB-Business-Critical[]
label:AuraDB-Virtual-Dedicated-Cloud[]
label:AuraDS-Enterprise[]

With security log forwarding, you can stream security logs directly to a cloud project owned by your organization, in real time.

To access *Log forwarding*:

. Navigate to *Settings* under the Project section in the sidebar.

> . Click *Log forwarding*. If you cannot see this option, you may not have the necessary permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Log forwarding*. 
If you cannot see this option, you may not have the necessary permissions.
```
Is a certain role required to see this option?

Author: Yes, Project Admin is required. Perhaps I should explicitly mention that.

This will display a list of currently configured log forwarding processes for the active project.
Each configuration will show its scope (region or instance) and status (`forwarding`, `setting up` or `paused`).

> For actions related to existing configurations, click the `...` button on the right side of the row. This brings up a menu from which the following actions can be taken:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For actions related to existing configurations, use the `...` button on the right side of the row to open a menu from which the following actions can be taken:
```

[[aura-query-logs]]
= Security log forwarding

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-aliases:platform/logging/log-forwarding.adoc
```
To make the version picker work

Author: Nice!

Exhaustive instructions are provided in the wizard which appears by following the steps below.

. Navigate to the *Log forwarding* page as described above.

> . Click *Configure log forwarding*.
> . Select the scope for log forwarding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Use *Configure log forwarding* and select the scope for log forwarding.
```
